DOC-2269 docs(backup): add --custom-tag for BACKUP (3.11) (#540)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/backup-and-restore/pages/backup-cluster.adoc

$ gadmin backup create weekly
----

This creates a backup named `weekly-<timestamp>` at the xref:configurations.adoc[backup location you configured].

> You can also make `weekly` a complete tag by using the flag `--custom-tag`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also make `weekly` the entire tag by using the flag `--custom-tag`:
```
